# makemyownluck45@gmail.com - Thu, 05 Mar 2026 15:34:41 EST - Untitled

**Meeting Date:** 5th Mar, 2026 - 3:34 PM

---

**Britt** *[00:00]*: I can do that. That's fair. Yeah. 
**Amit** *[00:01]*: Yeah. For next time. Okay. James, did you. I didn't. I didn't hear it say. It started recording. Okay. Perfect. 
**Britt** *[00:13]*: Okay. So you good? 
**Amit** *[00:15]*: I think so. 
**Britt** *[00:17]*: Okay. Yeah. And if one of you wanted to share your. Your screens to look at something, like, we could, too. I don't. I'm not, like, opposed to anything, but for the majority of the stuff, starting Pugsley's was much easier and much like, it gave me a lot better experience in terms of uploading the documents and that whole application of it saying, do you want to merge? Do you want to skip and replace, or do you want to just, like, keep as is? And I liked that there was a dropdown feature that even told you, like, this is what it would look like if you merged and replaced it or overrode it. Things like that. So those were. That was all great. I like that I can click on the documents now and it opens the documents in a separate page. Like, that's great. Right? 
**Britt** *[01:06]*: Like, so I don't have to open it up every single time and I can download it from there and. Or share it. Right. So all great. The duplication thing was a huge thing. So, like, that took away, like, half of my troubles, truly, because I also don't have to go back and forth and remember, like, was he on this? Was he not on this? It automatically did it for me. Right. So all great. The only two things I put in our edit stuff was, and this is the thing, too, is that I don't really know if it's something you guys want me to share every time it happens, or just, like, knowing that the system's always going to have glitches. Is that something. 
**Britt** *[01:49]*: So one of the documents, I uploaded it, like, just the AI pulled, like, a name wrong, which isn't a big deal at all. And I can manually fix it. It's not the end of the world, but I just don't know if that's something you want me to call out or like, yes. 
**Amit** *[02:07]*: So I think, Brittany, I would encourage you to write down everything that you experience we can talk about in these calls. And then sometimes just James and I offline, well, we might talk about, like, hey, is this really worth trying to fix right now? Or is the value of fixing this, like, a lot less than how hard it is to get it exactly right? And so we might make decisions not to just to let it be. 
**Britt** *[02:32]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[02:33]*: Don't let that stop you from capturing it and then us having at least a Conversation about whether or not it's the right. It's worth focusing on. 
**Britt** *[02:40]*: Okay, okay, that's fair. 
**Amit** *[02:42]*: Awesome. 
**Britt** *[02:43]*: Yeah. So specifically, like the one I put in was for. And this is the thing too, is that this was from a histopath, like from a company called Vidium. And so it captured the lady's email, it captured her phone number, it captured her email address, but then the address for some reason just defaulted to central as well as the clinic name to Central. So not the biggest. I just changed the clinic to Video Animal Health and took out the address and processed it. This person, like this pathologist who read histopath, I'll never contact. It's like, it's not that important. So like I don't even need to add her into the system. It was just more of a, like, do I care? Like as a user, I probably wouldn't even add this as a vet because this was just a random person who read something. 
**Britt** *[03:29]*: Do you know what I mean? 
**Amit** *[03:30]*: Yeah. And you had the option there, right? You could have chosen to just reject that entirely and not even add them. So I think as long as we have that full manual override ability and you can decide what to do with it, figuring out why that got it wrong is probably going to not be worth a really like big effort. Right? 
**Britt** *[03:52]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[03:52]*: Okay. 
**Britt** *[03:52]*: No, no, that's fair. The other thing is that for the documents, when we upload them, I. So I upload the documents. It doesn't sit in that like active uploads like nothing ever is there, if that makes sense. 
**Amit** *[04:07]*: Oh, I've never seen anything there that's bad. Okay, that's a bug. 
**Britt** *[04:14]*: What, what happens is that I upload the document it right? Like it pulls it up and then I go to like approve it. And the history is. It's always in the history. 
**Amit** *[04:27]*: Okay. No, that's perfect. And that's going to be an easy thing to fix. What it's supposed to do is it's supposed to be inactive. As long as there is something in there that you did not either accept, reject or ignore. As long as there's that and only once you've made an action on every kind of a decision, on every choice, then it should go into the history. So that's a bug. That's a good catch that we'll fix. 
**Britt** *[04:52]*: Because that definitely didn't. That definitely didn't. So that's. That was to my point of like. And when I approve something, I get a pop up after that says like you approved or added 14 things, whatever. So My only comment is that when it goes into history and I guess if it's a bug then we can see what it says. Is that like the done and the view are fine, but like if it's an active uploads, it should like not say done on it. Yes to me too. That confuses like that. I'm like is this done? But even if it says done, you can't click on that. I can click on the view option, but I just want it to just be like if history means it's done, then it doesn't need to say done too. It could just go into history. 
**Britt** *[05:32]*: But the active uploads. I guess we'll see what that looks like then. 
**Amit** *[05:36]*: I see. So like all you needed to say. Can you see my screen? Is it sharing? 
**Britt** *[05:40]*: Right? Yeah. 
**Amit** *[05:41]*: Okay, good. So what you're saying is let me find. Just get rid of like it doesn't need. 
**Britt** *[05:49]*: It doesn't really need to say done if it's in history. 
**Amit** *[05:54]*: I'm totally with you. Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And I will figure out why it's not leaving them inactive and when it should. 
**Britt** *[06:03]*: Okay. Okay. And then the other thing I had a question about is for conditions, I know for medications we have the thing now where we can do delete, discontinue, edit all of that. For conditions, can that be the same thing too? 
**Amit** *[06:28]*: Yes, I want to say yes. 
**Britt** *[06:29]*: So you're saying like having the option to do, discontinue. I just am a person that I'm an owner that like I don't know what these words mean and if I delete it then how am I ever going to get it back? What if I deleted it by mistake? Stake. 
**Amit** *[06:44]*: Got you. Okay, so in these conditions here, you know, this is something I was supposed to send you, wasn't I? Like what are all the fields that should exist and shouldn't for each of these tabs or actions like that? I think that's totally fair that like I, I want to know exactly what would be the most useful to you. 
**Britt** *[07:09]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[07:10]*: In, in terms of both these three fields on the conditions. Right. Are these the right ones to have in here and the right values in the dropdown and should there be other buttons besides save and cancel? We can definitely add a discontinue or. 
**Britt** *[07:26]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[07:27]*: And you tell me what the right terminology is even right. Like we can make the wording what you and as a professional would actually use. 
**Britt** *[07:36]*: Yeah, I think the like how the medications are where it has like the discontinue option. I don't have to, like, click on, like, that, to me, is helpful because I can just discontinue it and then reactivate it if I need to, if I did it by mistake. Because I always feel like. I always feel like a person on a computer or per. Like, because if you hit delete, it doesn't. It says, like, are you sure? But then you're like, I was like, I don't know. Am I sure? Like, if I can deactivate it, I could always reactivate it later. 
**James DeNino** *[08:04]*: Brittany, can I cut you off for a second? 
**Britt** *[08:05]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[08:06]*: So under Pugsley, in these. In the medications tab, where it says past medications, did you go in and discontinue all of those? Yeah, that happened on upload. 
**Britt** *[08:17]*: No, I did that. All right, so then that's one or two of them. Like, the answer did itself because it noted in one of the charts that we discontinued due to, like, something for, like, a reason. But everything else was medications that he had been prescribed at a certain point, but, like, he's just not on anymore. Like, antibiotic he got one time, 
**James DeNino** *[08:34]*: You know, okay, so this is good then. So that's working as desired. And then you did everything else. 
**Britt** *[08:41]*: And the reason why, too, is that, like, to be fair to an owner, right? Like, I gave my cat that antibiotic one time. I'm never. If I'm a random person, like, am I really ever going to remember the name of the antibiotic? And then if I go somewhere else and I was like, this happened to him six months ago and it resolved with antibiotic, they're like, what's the name of it? Oh, I don't know. But I can look and see, like, oh, this could be it, you know? 
**James DeNino** *[09:02]*: Right. 
**Britt** *[09:03]*: So I want to have that there. And, like, it doesn't. I just get nervous with delete as being, like, a finite thing. 
**Amit** *[09:11]*: Oh, you're so right about that, Brittany. Yeah. I could not agree with you more. Now, for what it's worth, and I haven't finished this yet, but just so you know what? The way this is going to work is even if you delete it, like, I'm never going to delete data. It's just going to live in this, like, deleted status so it doesn't show up anymore. Or we could even have it be, like, the same way we have past medications. We could say we could have, like, a section for deleted stuff. But regardless, the delete word is scary. So we can get rid of the. We'll get rid of the delete word. And we'll make it be like, I'm almost wondering, do we not even need delete on the medications either? 
**Amit** *[09:54]*: Like, should we just not have delete as functionality and it's just like deactivate or discontinue or like retire or whatever it is. I. I almost feel like we shouldn't ever delete anything or scare people into thinking that data is going to be gone forever. 
**Britt** *[10:11]*: Yeah, I don't know. I mean, I don't think. I feel like people will delete. Like, I'm at least that way where I'd rather deactivate something because I can always put it back. But, like, whether or not they want something deleted because they don't, they think if it shows up, it'll confuse people. But it in that same thing, the deactivated ones don't show up. So I don't know if you actually need it unless you want to have it. If, like you upload some like a document for say, like, if I upload something incorrectly, like, and I want to delete that document, like, I uploaded the wrong document. I uploaded like my car payment instead. Like, you know, like, okay, I'm with you. 
**Amit** *[10:44]*: Yeah, but we just want to have the ability to deactivate as well. Okay, I can definitely do that. No problem. 
**Britt** *[10:52]*: And then in terms of the conditions, so the only thing is that I don't know what the algorithm is for the mild, moderate, severe severity, right? Because the computer does that. Like, I don't pick that, right. And for some it does it and some it doesn't. And some, like, with Wednesdays, like, she had the same condition five times and one time it was severe. And I'm like, oh, okay. 
**Amit** *[11:16]*: Like, oh, interesting. 
**Britt** *[11:18]*: So I don't know where that comes from. And I also don't know if it really is, like, does it matter? Because, like, I don't know, like, some of the stuff is just always like mild or moderate. And to me, I'm like, I don't know. I think that only, that algorithm only really matters because anything severe and above goes on the card. So that's why I was like, I don't think it's a make or break. Because the hard part is too, is that everything. How do I say? Like, there can be different variations of something, right? Like, it could have been mild once, now it's moderate, now it's severe. Like, or it could just be stagnant at a moderate condition that changes. Like his things for like gingivitis, it says moderate. And I'm like, yeah. But then he got a dental. 
**Britt** *[12:03]*: So then is it still moderate? You know, like. And these were all pulled from during his dental records. Like, I uploaded them because I wanted to play around with more written records, so got to. I don't think it's something that I'm like, I need it to say mild, moderate, or severe because we as veterinary professionals know, like, there's different. And I do like that the algorithm pulls like, oh, okay, great. Like, this is where it came from. It's not just like, oh, he has, like, gingivitis that the owner put in. But it's like, no, it was noted during veterinary, like, dental work. Great, Cool. Okay. You know, like, so that's the thing, too, is that I don't. I don't know if you really want to change that, but I understand what you're asking too, of, like, does it matter? It's hard to say. 
**Amit** *[12:54]*: Okay. I'm trying to think of what the most. What the right thing to do with it is. Like, I'll figure out the logic. I'm actually. Let me see here. Yeah, I can. I can get the exact conditions for you, but are you saying that maybe we don't even want to show that, 
**Britt** *[13:18]*: Like, the mild, moderate, or severe? 
**Amit** *[13:20]*: Yeah. Do we just not want to have. No, I think. 
**Britt** *[13:24]*: I think that severity, like, there are different levels of severity within certain things and, like, at least on a higher level. But I don't think at the. At like, this moment in time, like, you know how it's like one of those things. Like, I don't need it to be everything at once, but then eventually the, like, algorithm can kind of figure out. I guess it matters more because we. We consider things in veterinary medicine, just like in human medicine, like, you have a mild condition, but it could progress to those things. So it does matter. But it's like, maybe once you have more data or more things, then it can kind of pick up and see what. What? 
**Amit** *[14:04]*: I don't know. Okay. So it is like, what it's doing right now. It's trying to infer it based on context. So it's reading the rest of the notes in the document and trying to make an informed decision. Now, I think one of the things that I want to do then is kind of build in the ability for us to teach it. Right. 
**Britt** *[14:30]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[14:31]*: So I'll take that as a takeaway. Like, maybe we keep it in there for now, maybe, and it'll be up to you whether we decide to keep it on the card or not. But we can keep it and Let the kind of. Let that the AI try to classify it. And then what we can do is build, like kind of an internal screen for, like, you know, us as the people running it, to be able to go in and say, these were the things that were decided and this is why that severity was decided. Are they right and wrong? So it gets smarter, Right? Yeah. And gets better at doing that. So we can do that over time. I think really for now, the question is it something we should get rid of until we get it right, or should we leave it in? 
**Amit** *[15:18]*: Is it not a problem right now? It's just something to keep an eye on? I think that makes sense. 
**Britt** *[15:25]*: Yeah. I think for right now, I don't. I don't think we need to take it away. It's just one of those things that, like, in my opinion, shouldn't I. Yeah, that's the hard part is that, like, I don't have to look at it as the end user. I can just look at the conditions and kind of understand what they mean. And knowing some conditions, even if the computer is telling me they're mild, that they could be more important. But I don't think taking it away is going to change anything, really. Like, it hasn't caused me any. Like, oh, my God, this is annoying. You know, can I make one more? 
**James DeNino** *[16:01]*: Can I make one point? 
**Britt** *[16:02]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[16:03]*: So let's think about the reality of this. I am building this profile for my dog. I don't know about medical, but I just left the vet. The vet told me he's got gingivitis and it's pretty severe. So if I'm going through and I'm doing this, I'm going to be able to use the edit function and change it moderate to severe. So in its current form, the user can change. 
**Britt** *[16:30]*: Right. 
**James DeNino** *[16:31]*: So do we agree that this will suffice for now and it's less of a priority than some other things? 
**Britt** *[16:37]*: Yeah. Like, it doesn't. Doesn't add or take away anything, in my opinion right now. So I don't think it's something. I am like, I hate this option. I just, you know. 
**Amit** *[16:49]*: No, I hear you. And it's actually a really important thing that you're calling out, Brittany, because presenting too much or unclear or unusable information is as bad as not presenting the right information. Right. Because that can still be distracting or misleading and cause things to go awry. So I do want to make sure, like, we're talking about these things, and I think it. My first thought is that maybe we don't Put that severity in the actual card because we maybe keep that for the. For the owner and then ideally even have a link to it. 
**Britt** *[17:29]*: That's. 
**Amit** *[17:30]*: This is why it was determined to be that. And it'll either be like user edited or whatever. The decision the AI made. Kind of why it decided to classify it that way. Yeah, but then maybe on the card itself, we don't have to show it. We just show the important. The conditions that you tell us to, you know. 
**Britt** *[17:51]*: Yeah, that's fair. 
**Amit** *[17:52]*: Okay. All right, James, that makes sense to you? 
**James DeNino** *[17:56]*: Yeah, because we're going to address this when we get to the card anyways so we can come up with a product solution in that conversation. Hey, real quick, before I forget, I noticed one other thing that we haven't brought up yet. 
**Britt** *[18:14]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[18:14]*: But if everybody goes under import documents, right? And then you go to History and to the right, we have all documents and images. Nothing populates under documents or images. Just all. 
**Amit** *[18:31]*: Oh, man, that's really. 
**Britt** *[18:32]*: Yeah, I. I was thinking, can I tell you? Like, I saw that and I was like. And I uploaded a. I am stupid. I uploaded an image and then I was like, oh, the image didn't go. But then I was like, oh, it's a PDF. But then I thought, doc is document supposed to be like Word documents. That's what my brain went to. And I was like, that makes sense. I didn't upload any Word documents. Okay. 
**Amit** *[18:52]*: Documents should be PDFs or Word docs or whatever. And then images should. It's based on file extension, PNGs, TIFs, BMPs, you know, all that, JPEGs, all that. Yeah, no, that. I actually, that's a bug. The filtering is broken. Because actually what was supposed to happen. And maybe I fixed this and didn't merge it yet. What was supposed to happen is there should be a filter bar for Active and a filter bar for History and document should filter the PDFs and image files. So that's broken. And I thought I told it to fix that already, but I'll figure out what happened. 
**James DeNino** *[19:36]*: Well, the only other thing, Amit. So we'll wait for that push. But in fairness to the platform, Brittany only did in Pugsley upload PDFs, so. 
**Amit** *[19:49]*: Yeah, but I agree the filtering is just broken and I'm surprised that it's still broken because, yeah, it's supposed to be okay anyway. No, there's no fairness. Don't be kind to the platform, James. We don't have to give it up. Oh, I get why that went wrong. 
**James DeNino** *[20:09]*: You know better than Anybody? That's not my style. 
**Amit** *[20:15]*: Yeah. Okay. No, that's a busted filtering. That will be fixed. 
**Britt** *[20:20]*: Okay. Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[20:21]*: The only thing I will say, though, to that point, Britney's a. Britney's a pretty good example of this. You're not stupid, by the way, Brittany. And documents versus images based off file extensions seems basic in theory, but it's not because you uploaded images as a PDF, thinking in your head, that would go to images. 
**Britt** *[20:50]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[20:50]*: Right. So that's a user that's like. That's normalcy. Right. That's a very recurring thing. If I told 100 people, like, equal to you, like, they're not going to look at this and just put those two together. So maybe there's some terminology change between documents and images, but that's not the end of the world for right now. But I do think that's something that could happen on a frequent basis. 
**Britt** *[21:18]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[21:19]*: I think we can solve for that, though. I hear you, James. I think you're right and I agree with you. But I think what we can do now, Brittany, tell me if this makes sense. Right. It could be very. It wouldn't be very hard for me to make this be like, oh, I think this is an image or I think this is a document, or I think this is a this or that or whatever and ask you that. 
**Britt** *[21:44]*: Right? 
**Amit** *[21:44]*: It could. And then you could say yes or no. So we could create a manual kind of review step if we want to. That could also be kind of cumbersome and annoying. So that's what I thought. I thought so, too. But I got to put it all out there. 
**Britt** *[21:59]*: Yeah. I only say that just because. And to be fair, I will say I didn't try it with Pugsley's, where I tried, like, where I was trying to upload with Wednesday's, like, pictures of records and stuff. So I'm gonna see if I can try, like screenshotting something and uploading it, because that was the only time that I got, like, frustrated with the picture thing. 
**Amit** *[22:18]*: Gotcha. Okay. Yeah. All right. I'm gonna. I don't know. 
**Britt** *[22:23]*: But so let me see if I can, because like I said, the majority of people are going to use their phone as their picture taker. And not everyone is going to always have a PDF of that records they're going to have. 
**Amit** *[22:36]*: I agree with you. Yeah. I think the most common scenario is going to be a person taking a picture of the records at the vet's office and not ever even having more than that. Right? 
**Britt** *[22:49]*: Yeah. 100. 
**Amit** *[22:50]*: And then they're going to upload it and it's actually going to be an heic, but it's going to be a document. 
**Britt** *[22:56]*: Yeah, 
**Amit** *[23:00]*: Okay. There's some. I mean, we need to put some thought into what the right experience should be there, James. So that I don't have answer yet, but we're talking about. 
**James DeNino** *[23:11]*: So, Ahmed, hold on. We're talking about. Put some more thought into the document and image naming. 
**Amit** *[23:23]*: Not just the naming, but it been like, what the workflow is around it. Because I didn't start experimenting with like, extracting text from an image from a picture yet. But I think we're going to kind of need to do that because I don't think PDFs are going to be very common. And if they are PDFs, they're going to end up being screenshots that somebody saved as a PDF. And so they're still just going to be pictures in the end. And I think we need to make this work with that as its primary use case. Because PDF is easy, right? Like, that's working fine. So I think figuring out how to get text out of images and if a picture is a picture of a document versus an X ray is what we've got to solve for next for, like, from a value perspective. 
**Britt** *[24:21]*: Okay, so I did just. I did just. Okay, so I did just try to upload like, a one of like a screenshot of Pugsley's like, X ray as a jpeg. And it. I liked that it gave me the option to, like, name it and say, like, what it's from. Like, when I uploaded the thing, it was like, when was this picture taken? What is this picture of? 
**Amit** *[24:44]*: Right. 
**Britt** *[24:45]*: And so that was all great, except then it doesn't show up in the images tab and it didn't, like, do anything. 
**Amit** *[24:54]*: Yep. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay, we can work on this one. 
**Britt** *[25:09]*: I'm just uploading the study so I can just have. 
**James DeNino** *[25:21]*: Yeah, we knew was going to be a bug, but the not doing anything at all was. That's a new issue. 
**Britt** *[25:28]*: Because even it should, like, if I just. I typed in like, X ray chest and the date it was taken, that should go into my timeline, you would think. 
**Amit** *[25:38]*: Yeah. Is the timeline useful? 
**Britt** *[25:42]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[25:43]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[25:44]*: Is it useful for you as an owner or useful for you as a. As a vet? 
**Britt** *[25:49]*: As a vet and an owner, but I think more. Yeah, I like the timeline because it can tell me when a condition was, like, first diagnosed. Because a lot of times people tell me, no, this just happened. And then I'm like, well, actually four years ago this happened too. And they're like, oh, really? Oh, yeah, you're right. I forgot. So, like, I'm like, okay, like, because people forget. Like, no one's being insidious and trying to hide things. They just literally forget because they are not at their regular vet where everything is on a computer for them. 
**James DeNino** *[26:22]*: Well, hold on a second. Let's just go through this really quickly. Number one, I want to just go out there on the record and say, this is why we needed you, Brittany. Because out of all the times I've been in this platform, I've probably gone into the timeline tab twice. But March. March 4th has a bunch of the recent conditions. That's because you uploaded them yesterday, not because you went to the vet yesterday. 
**Britt** *[26:55]*: Oh, yeah, you're right. 
**James DeNino** *[26:57]*: Except everything else I'm guessing might be right. Like the December 25th, the June 25th. 
**Britt** *[27:04]*: Yeah. That's so weird. 
**James DeNino** *[27:06]*: So that's a bug. 
**Amit** *[27:08]*: Well, we. That's a decision we have to make. Right. If you look at the document, the discharge, the dentist document, where all these dental conditions came from, it doesn't have a date on it. 
**James DeNino** *[27:24]*: Oh, you're right. 
**Amit** *[27:26]*: So what it did is that I can't find the date of this, so I'm going to use the date of the upload right now. I don't know, Brittany, offhand, maybe you notice this. If that is something that you could have changed if that date was pre populated and you could have edited it. And so we should. I can make sure it's editable, but we should also make a decision. If no date is present, should it use the upload date or leave it blank? 
**Britt** *[27:59]*: I would say probably the. If no date is picked, then the upload date is better than no date because nine people are going to be uploading. But to be fair, like the. The doc. So the document that I uploaded that was. I'm trying to see if it was like where it pulled that from. Because the dental discharges didn't have it on there. 
**Amit** *[28:24]*: It has the tartar and gingivitis. Right? 
**Britt** *[28:26]*: Yeah, but the other. Because there was another document that I. That the. 
**Amit** *[28:33]*: Oh, for the gastritis. 
**Britt** *[28:35]*: Yeah, because what I'm seeing. 
**Amit** *[28:38]*: Hold on. 
**Britt** *[28:38]*: I can't do it in both. Let me open up a new tab. Because, like, When was. That's the thing is I try to like, go back and see. Because the dental discharges pulled over. None of that. It was the document that had all this, like, dental stuff in it that like, didn't pull over, like, anything. And it had a diagnosis date. In it. 
**Amit** *[29:13]*: So here's a thought that I had. What if wherever these conditions are, medication, allergies or the timeline, what if anything in here, we have the ability to link it back to its source. 
**James DeNino** *[29:30]*: I put that on our document. 
**Amit** *[29:32]*: Nice. Right. If it was manually entered, then it'll just say user entered. But if it wasn't, then it will have a link to the imported document that where that condition, like what it ideally would do actually I think is it would take you back to. The imp. Like the actual. I'm trying to see because that's the actual. Like, like I'm gonna share my screen for a second because I'm losing words. Today it's not my most eloquent day. Okay, basically I want it. Can you see my screen? 
**Britt** *[30:19]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[30:20]*: I want it to link back to the accepted one of these. 
**Britt** *[30:24]*: That's what I was gonna say. 
**Amit** *[30:25]*: Right? Like take you exactly to. This is the review item that fed this condition. 
**Britt** *[30:32]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[30:32]*: Being in the timeline or being on this conditions list or whatever. 
**Britt** *[30:36]*: Because those conditions that don't have a date were all from the first document I uploaded. 
**Amit** *[30:43]*: Okay. 
**Britt** *[30:46]*: That's how far back. Like, so that's those conditions all there. Didn't have a date specified because what happened is after I would go and upload another document. Because his things are chronic conditions. I wouldn't add them because I didn't need to. They were already there. But they don't have a date specified to them always. And it's not like the biggest deal. Like some of these conditions, I don't even remember when they were diagnosed. But if it should be pulling a date, because that's the other thing too is that like when I uploaded it, I'm like, oh, his low grade heart murmur, I don't know. He's had that since he was a baby. Like, 
**Amit** *[31:21]*: Well, this one's interesting, right? Because if you look at the timeline for the low grade heart murmur, it says date not specified. But then there's a Note that says echo 5, 14, 25, normal cardiac spectrum, false tendon. 
**Britt** *[31:32]*: So because that was the record in the record that it extracted it from, which is his ENCODE consultation in June. She wrote like. And that's what most of the doctors will write. They'll be like, you know, like elevated values, last value stable, and they'll put a date. So like his. That was in from that record. That was when his last echo was. Was in. Mark was in May. So it's like, 
**Amit** *[31:57]*: Oh, I see. So that echo note isn't. It's Associated with the murmur, but that's not the diagnosis. Okay, I got you. 
**Britt** *[32:05]*: He was like, one. 
**Amit** *[32:07]*: Okay. Yeah. So what I want, what we can't check right now is, like, if we could trace that back to the review item, we could see if you had the ability to update the date. 
**Britt** *[32:17]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[32:18]*: In that review item, Right? 
**Britt** *[32:19]*: Yeah. So the review item is the first, is literally the first document. The Pugsley Onco Consultant. That's where it's from. And I don't have a date there because I was like, I didn't really know what to put because I was like, he was. And like, the same with his renal changes. Like, I'm like, I don't know when he was diagnosed with those. Those were years, too. I just, like, don't remember. But this is just like a document that mentions it, but they didn't get diagnosed this day. That makes sense. 
**Amit** *[32:48]*: I got you. Yeah, yeah, no, totally. I'm, what I'm trying to think about is because ultimately. Right. Like, for something like that, we're gonna need to be able to rely on the owner to provide that information. 
**Britt** *[33:00]*: Yeah. And I'm a shitty owner. I don't remember. 
**Amit** *[33:02]*: No, that's not true. No, I, I, that's not true at all. But what I'm thinking about, because I get this question too, like, you know, whenever I go with my cats, like, what's their birthday? And I'm like, well, you know, I adopted her when she was one and a half. She was born in December of 2022. So I just picked a random date. 
**Britt** *[33:24]*: Right. 
**Amit** *[33:24]*: And then we just decided, that's their birthday. That's her birthday now. But what if we could just put in a year or a month in a year or a day month in a year, depending on what granularity you have. Because then if you could have just selected a year, you probably would have been like, well, he was one, I got him four. I would just like, you know, 2009. 
**Britt** *[33:43]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[33:44]*: And then. But you're not going to try to figure out, hey, what's a dummy date? I can put in for a month date. 
**Britt** *[33:50]*: To be fair, like, when someone is taking, like, I'm taking this at, like, already diagnosed, going backwards, where the majority of people are going to be, I don't have this diagnosed yet. And this is like their new record. Right. Like, but for the people who have to go backwards a little bit. So, yeah, I think if you just. And you do have an option. I think if I go back to that document. Let me see. Hold on. 
**Amit** *[34:13]*: Yeah, I was Actually just looking. If you're on my screen. 
**Britt** *[34:17]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[34:17]*: When we look at the view here, like I see. 
**Britt** *[34:20]*: Go to like his. Go to like his. 
**Amit** *[34:26]*: Like here's pancreatic. His pancreatic. You can see it's the diagnosed state is just empty. Right. 
**Britt** *[34:31]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[34:32]*: Whereas if you could have put a year in here instead of having to put a date, it might have been. You might have been more inclined to do that. 
**Britt** *[34:39]*: And now once I've uploaded this, I can't change it. Right. 
**Amit** *[34:44]*: Well, in the condition you should be able to. 
**Britt** *[34:47]*: In the conditions I can. Okay, so if I go to pancreatitis. 
**Amit** *[34:51]*: And then we go to edited. Oh, no, we can't. Okay, so we should bring the diagnos date into the condition as something that. 
**Britt** *[35:02]*: Anything that I. 
**Amit** *[35:02]*: Then go ahead. 
**Britt** *[35:05]*: Know exactly what you're saying. 
**Amit** *[35:08]*: Okay. We're thinking the same thing. I'll let you finish now. 
**Britt** *[35:13]*: Wherever you think makes sense of where I can edit it, somewhere that's editable, whether it's in the thing, which is fine. But yeah, if I had thought about that in hindsight, like, I didn't think about it in terms of the timeline, I thought about it in terms of as long as the condition is there, but it does affect that timeline, so that's fair. 
**Amit** *[35:33]*: It does. Yeah. So I kind of like keeping the import as you can only update it at the time of review, but then once the condition is there, you should be able to go in and edit it anytime. And then when you change it in the condition, it updates in the timeline as well. 
**Britt** *[35:54]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[35:56]*: Right, yes. Okay. And then, James, just so in case you're going to ask this, like, we're going to have all the dates of when this stuff got changed, whether it was changed by a user or just on the import and all that, like, we'll have that audit history so that we can kind of build back to what happened if we ever need to be able to explain it. 
**James DeNino** *[36:16]*: I'm not going to lie, guys. I was just testing something else for the last three minutes, so I didn't take notes on that, but we'll have to refer back to the conversation. I'm sorry. 
**Amit** *[36:28]*: No, no, you're good, man. Don't worry. That's why Fireflies is here. 
**James DeNino** *[36:31]*: Yeah, if you guys are on the same page. I am. 
**Amit** *[36:33]*: Yeah. Yeah, we're good. 
**Britt** *[36:34]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[36:35]*: Okay, 
**Amit** *[36:38]*: So. 
**James DeNino** *[36:38]*: Because I just dropped the ball and stopped paying attention for a second. 
**Amit** *[36:44]*: Blacker. 
**James DeNino** *[36:46]*: Continue where you left off. 
**Amit** *[36:50]*: No, I think were good. We just got to a place where we said basically anything that shows up in the timeline. The date for it should be editable where it lives. Right. The diagnosis date for a condition should be editable on the conditions tab. The medication started and stopped should be editable on the medication tab. And then when they're updated, when they're edited there, they, the dates that are edited reflect in the timeline too. 
**James DeNino** *[37:18]*: Yeah. All right, I'm with that. So can I quickly add one feature conversation? If we're talking about labels and linking, should everything, like, from anything in conditions to medications also be able to be linked to the file that it was uploaded from? 
**Amit** *[37:46]*: I think I, I, I. My concern is information overload for the user. 
**James DeNino** *[37:53]*: Well, I look at it like a label. Right. So let's say I'm in medical conditions. Brittany, this is going to be a conversation for you because if this is going to be important for vet. Right. 
**Amit** *[38:05]*: Like, I think it is, though. Right, Right. Like, how would you not want to see the document that it came in from? Because then you're like, wait, I'm not sure I get why it would say chronic kidney disease or what that could have meant. Let me go read the actual notes and. Yeah, right. 
**Britt** *[38:24]*: Some of the stuff. Yeah, some of the stuff. Like, like, for example, like, I'm at the emergency hospital. I really don't, I'm assuming every animal has gingivitis. Like, I don't really care when your vet called that out. But for the ones that they call out, something that doesn't make sense to us, like you said, like, yeah, it would be helpful to see where that came from. 
**James DeNino** *[38:43]*: So, so do we agree that, like, I mean, at least conditions and medications probably the same or no? 
**Amit** *[38:55]*: Yeah, I would think all of it. Right. Like, why would any data point that's created by a document import should link back to the document review, right? 
**Britt** *[39:05]*: Mm, I think so. 
**Amit** *[39:09]*: I mean, I would start there. We can always make. I would rather have all this and then, like, make it simpler for people who don't need it. Then, like, have people like, I'm not going to use it because it doesn't have this detail for me. 
**James DeNino** *[39:22]*: Yep. All right, so we agree. One other quick question that I didn't ask before, but back to timeline. Should you be able to remove an item from a timeline? 
**Britt** *[39:36]*: Well, I think if you deactivate something, it should deactivate, but it doesn't. You're right, because I deactivated that on sewer and it's still there. 
**Amit** *[39:45]*: Which one? 
**Britt** *[39:47]*: That medication. I deactivated that when I uploaded it. 
**Amit** *[39:50]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[39:52]*: Oh, wait, hold on. It. So if you Refresh. 
**Amit** *[39:55]*: Inactive. 
**James DeNino** *[39:56]*: Yeah, it goes blue and it says inactive. Okay, so do you think that user experience is good enough? Like blue? Yeah. 
**Britt** *[40:05]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[40:05]*: Because a timeline should be unchangeable, right? A timeline should reflect this is what happened in a sequence of events. Like this is history. It should be immutable, but any event should be reflected. Right. Like what I would like to see and I can make it do this is for medication that's inactive. It should have a medication ended date in the timeline too. Because for it to be inactive. Right. Don't we have that information? 
**Britt** *[40:43]*: Not always. Because some of the medications are prescribed as like, it doesn't pull, at least from the documents that I've done. Like it doesn't always say, I'm trying to think of it because sometimes it doesn't say like, do this medication for seven days, but I've deactivated it because I know I stopped giving it. 
**Amit** *[41:15]*: But then if you deactivate it, can we ask you to optionally put in a date of the deactivation? Like a date stop. And then if you don't want to, you cannot. But if you do have it, then it can. Because my thought is, what I don't want is I don't want somebody to scroll through the timeline and be like, oh, this is onseer, but not realize that it says inactive and it does say medication starting. Right. So like the idea of being able to say medication stopped feels like it should be there if that information is available. 
**Britt** *[41:50]*: If the, if it's available. But sometimes it's not because it's just like you went home with seven days of it. So technically you should have stopped at seven days from this day that it was prescribed. 
**Amit** *[42:00]*: But unless we have that prescription information, we're not going to get that. 
**Britt** *[42:04]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[42:05]*: Integrating with that is. 
**James DeNino** *[42:07]*: Can I make a point on this topic? 
**Amit** *[42:10]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[42:12]*: I don't think, I don't think we touch it. And here's why. Because that's the type of thing that like if were building a human health platform, we're going to need to do it. But I think that's like one extra unnecessary step kind of for a pet. Right. Because if we kind of keep back or going back to what the user is going to do, this isn't going to be like they're logging in daily. Right. You might not come in here for seven months. Do you know what I'm saying? Like, yeah, if you're, if you have a four year old puppy and they're super healthy for the first few years, there might not be that much that's actually happening. Right. So I'm kind of just throwing it out there. Like, I don't know that, like an end date. 
**James DeNino** *[43:00]*: I think that might be a little bit minute for right now. 
**Amit** *[43:04]*: What? 
**James DeNino** *[43:04]*: I mean, I might just be. 
**Britt** *[43:06]*: No, I think that's fair. Like, even in human chart, in like you're my chart, you just deactivate it. You don't say when you stopped. Like, 
**James DeNino** *[43:17]*: I don't really go to the doctor. 
**Amit** *[43:18]*: So start. Okay, I'm with you. I'm comfortable with this. As long as it's clear that it's deactivated. Right. Like the fact that it's inactive is shown there and it's a different color. Like, I think then we should be okay. 
**James DeNino** *[43:38]*: I think so too. And also, like, I keep going back. 
**Amit** *[43:42]*: To like. 
**James DeNino** *[43:44]*: The fact that Britney's cats, let's just call it what it is, have a little bit, maybe a lot of. Bit more details than a lot of cats might. 
**Amit** *[43:56]*: Right. Like, I'm gonna actually challenge that only. 
**Britt** *[43:59]*: Because. 
**Amit** *[44:01]*: I think all cats have that much history once they get that old. Right. I mean, my cats had this level of going on too by the time they got to 14, 15, 16, 18 years old. So I think any pets that live towards their elder years, just like people are going to have all of this. But regardless, I think we've spent enough time talking about this. We don't need to worry about end dates for medications yet, as long as the fact that they're inactive is clear. And then it won't be impossible to change that later if like we start using this and people are like, wait, this is confusing. We want this in here, it'll be fine to add it. 
**James DeNino** *[44:49]*: Okay, nice. Everybody's good on that. 
**Britt** *[44:51]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[44:52]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[44:52]*: Okay. There's one last thing that I want to go back to. So on the import documents, when you go on your phone and you upload a document currently, like I just tested it before, it shows that it uploads and then to Brittany's point, it doesn't do anything at all. But what it actually does is if you guys go back to the home screen and choose the cat or the dog Duke, and then go to import Docs history and then choose that image of the wine bottle. Right. So it uploaded, but unless you go to view, you don't see anything. 
**Britt** *[45:44]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[45:45]*: Right. So I'm just kind of making this point. Like that's the current state of uploading from an iPhone. 
**Britt** *[45:52]*: Yeah. Well, at least let you Upload it. But how did you get a JPEG on your iPhone. 
**James DeNino** *[46:01]*: That was. I took that picture. 
**Amit** *[46:03]*: Like, actually, I can tell you what happens there, Brittany. And I learned this in trying to fix this issue. Safari will automatically convert The HEICs to JPEGs, but Chrome doesn't. 
**Britt** *[46:21]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[46:21]*: And I'm guessing, James, you use Safari on your iPhone, and I'm guessing, Brittany, you use Chrome. 
**Britt** *[46:30]*: No, I use Safari. Huh. But I think mine is too, because I take live pictures, so maybe that's why. 
**Amit** *[46:39]*: Oh, no, the process, like when you select it from your library to upload it, that's a conversion. Safari is supposed to convert it. That's interesting. Yeah, maybe. I wonder if it doesn't do it for live photos and it does do it for non lives or something. But interesting. I mean, I don't think that matters too much. 
**Britt** *[47:03]*: No. 
**James DeNino** *[47:03]*: But I just wanted to point this out that is where there's an example. 
**Amit** *[47:07]*: So wait, help me understand, James. I didn't quite follow what you were walking me through. 
**James DeNino** *[47:13]*: So this was under the import documents we talked about the filtering update and fix that bug that you knew about. And then document and image name solving we talked about. We have to work. We have to come up with a workaround for the entire process, extracting information from image files and then just its current state. So that's just an example of an image and that's what it's actually doing. Because like to Brittany's comment, it just didn't do anything at all. But it's successfully uploading the image, it's just not doing anything with it. 
**Amit** *[47:50]*: Yeah, that's part of the same bug. Because what it's supposed to do and what I saw working the other day, and I don't know why it's not now, is when you upload the image, it puts you in that same review thing. But it doesn't have a. Like, it doesn't. It didn't try to match anything. It just gives you the opportunity to put in like a title and a description and that's it. That's what it's supposed to do. And I saw that work. I don't know why it's not right. But I'll get that. We'll get that fixed. 
**Amit** *[48:17]*: So what should happen is if you import a file that it's able to extract content from, it gives you like, basically like these, those matches where you get to pick which if you want to approve or reject it or merge it, and then if it can't get any information out of it and identifies it As a picture, it's supposed to just be like, okay, tell me what it is. And like, it's kind of like tag it and describe it and then I will save the metadata. 
**James DeNino** *[48:47]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[48:51]*: So I'll figure out what's going on there. 
**James DeNino** *[48:53]*: All right, perfect. Let's see. Brittany, anything else that's like, super notable. 
**Britt** *[49:03]*: The only other thing is just like, going back to like, the written records, because I did upload written records and like, it really doesn't pull much from those. 
**Amit** *[49:13]*: It doesn't do anything yet. Yes. 
**Britt** *[49:15]*: Yeah. So that's the Pugsley one. And then the dental discharges, it pulls stuff, but not like. So just, you know, obviously. 
**Amit** *[49:25]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[49:26]*: Once we, once we have these document and image filters changed and they're linked to, let's say, something in particular, I think that's going to be a little bit more valuable. Right. Until we get the ability to really dive in on handwritten, which will always be questionable. Like you said, a lot of handwriting sucks, but having them up there is at least a good first start. 
**Amit** *[49:51]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[49:54]*: Okay. So at this time, I documented like a lot better than last time, so I'll be able to put all this stuff in there in the GitHub. But as far as comparing to last week, I think the only things that we didn't do. We talked about the handwritten records, currently not parsed, effectively enhanced medication. Medication with list of alphabetical common medications. I don't think we need to do that right now. But, Brittany, we didn't tell you about this. I got a list of like, common medications. 
**Britt** *[50:39]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[50:40]*: For pets, and Ahmet and I are going to. Well, Amit's going to mess around with that. It's not a priority. But I'm going to send it to you right now. 
**Britt** *[50:50]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[50:51]*: Just so you have it. We think it would be good because we might be able to use that to make the medication upload smarter. 
**Britt** *[51:00]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[51:03]*: So that's just worth kind of noting for you. And I'm just curious to get your thoughts. You don't have to do it now, but like, at some point, like how legitimate this is. 
**Britt** *[51:16]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[51:17]*: All right, and then let's. The last two things that we had from last week were emergency card and data presentation strategy. And then a subset of that is understanding how the current, the system currently populates the emergency card. So we're already at 4:30. I don't want to take you guys too late into this evening, but can we talk about the presentation card for a little bit? Because you sent that image over yeah. All right, so I'm gonna pull that up. You texted that to me? I texted that to. 
**Amit** *[51:57]*: I was going to say, do I have that? 
**James DeNino** *[51:59]*: I'll. I'll email it and then you can just text it. 
**Amit** *[52:03]*: I can, yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[52:05]*: This is the one you actually replied yesterday. You said, this is awesome. I have so many ideas. 
**Amit** *[52:09]*: Yeah. Okay. Yes. I love. So this is what, Brittany, this is what you think should be on the. On the card, right? I'm sharing this on the screen now. Yeah. Medical loads, current medications, contacts. Just the owner and a primary vet. So current medications, contacts. That's all going to be very easy, right? Like, that's just going to be what's important. And the data is going to be as accurate as the owner made sure it is. Right. The medical alerts is a little trickier. What did you have in mind when you had things called medical alerts? How would we know what fits into that category? 
**Britt** *[53:17]*: Yeah, so it pulled. Like, I know initially it was pulling any. Any of the medical conditions that were labeled as severe, it was pulling. So I don't know if it's something that when I'm uploading my. Or when I'm in the conditions tab, I can put like a toggle effect to be, like, visible or not. Yes. 
**Amit** *[53:38]*: Good. 
**Britt** *[53:38]*: Right. Because as an owner, they could all be visible. They could all not be. Whatever. The only other thing I would say is, and like, that's the thing is that, like, Wednesday's medical alerts, like, she has a bunch of conditions, but I don't really care about all of them. Like, I care about a few of the diseases. 
**Amit** *[53:55]*: Right. 
**Britt** *[53:56]*: So the other thing, though, is that what I was. What I wrote at. About alerts and flags of certain things that I can explain more on is that. So sometimes on medical records, there are alerts that pop up. Whether it's like a pop up or it's a little note at the top. And in our systems we have things that say like on chemo drugs or like seizure watch, things like that. And like that, to me, is something that I don't know if, like an owner can type in or not, or if based off of a drug name it ties to on seizure meds or on chemotherapy. And the other thing, too, is that. And many owners do know this as much as they don't want to admit it. Is that like a caution dog or needs to be muzzled? Like, those are alerts. 
**Britt** *[54:46]*: I want to see if that makes sense. 
**Amit** *[54:48]*: Yes, absolutely. So most of that stuff, if I'm following you, though, is not. I Mean with something like chemo drugs or seizure meds or drugs or whatnot, we could start developing that intellect. Right. And whether it's just because you tell us which drugs mean fit into which categories, or we teach the AI to be able to figure that out, 
**Britt** *[55:15]*: We. 
**Amit** *[55:15]*: Can come up with a set of conditions. What would be really helpful to me, Brittany, is if you could tell me, like, what are all those conditions? And then I can get the AI to take a pass at making decisions as to how it would put somebody into one of those things. And then you can tell me if that's getting it right or wrong, and we can kind of improve upon it. So with the, with the drugs, it's very doable because it's very deterministic and clear. Right. I can write some rules to say this is when these meds fire these alerts. For the other stuff that you're mentioning, like the knowing which conditions matter versus don't. If you're comfortable with it being a user input thing, that's the best thing for us too. Right. 
**Amit** *[56:09]*: Like, because then we don't have to trust the computer to try to figure it out and guess and maybe be right, maybe be wrong and all that. So, like, if we made it so that when you import the condition, like when you import the doc and identifies conditions and medications and everything, we could have a flag that says, like, show on card or show as alert or something like that. 
**Britt** *[56:30]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[56:31]*: And then you can edit and change that in the individual records as well. 
**Britt** *[56:36]*: That's fair. 
**James DeNino** *[56:37]*: Can I, can I throw something out here? 
**Amit** *[56:40]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[56:42]*: What if we flip this on its head? What if. So, Amit, go into Pugsley and open up. Since you're already sharing the screen. Open up, open up the card. What if we just let the users edit from here? Because here's the real world. And, Brittany, this is where you as a vet can come in handy. The majority of times that people are in this platform, they're going to probably be with their vet. So what if in reality they could just be like, hey, really quickly before I leave today, like, this is. Do you agree that this is the priority stuff, like, in case I need to go to the er and they can just edit what appears through here? 
**Britt** *[57:35]*: Yeah. And a lot of times vets will tell people, like, I mean, I would hope so. At least we do. Like, make sure people know this. Make sure. Because, like, there's certain things that, like, you can't give if they're on this drug or you can't give if they're on that drug and so like, or they have this condition and like a lot of people do know their conditions that their animals have because they'll always tell me and I'm like, yeah, it doesn't matter. Like, right. But that's something that is important. So yeah, they can do that too. 
**Amit** *[58:04]*: So James, I get, I totally get the like the idea of like, let's just have it be from here. That's going to be a. Like what I don't like about that is it makes updating and maintaining information now be done in multiple places, which is a bad. Like it creates more complexity and more cognitive load for the user. 
**James DeNino** *[58:30]*: Well, so here's kind of where I agree, but I'm also thinking maybe what. 
**Amit** *[58:37]*: If, 
**James DeNino** *[58:39]*: I mean, what if everything was uploaded for conditions and everything was uploaded for medications and we only had to focus on what becomes an alert. 
**Britt** *[59:00]*: And. 
**James DeNino** *[59:01]*: Then the user can only edit or only has to edit take away condition, take away medication, take away medication. Do you see what I'm saying? 
**Amit** *[59:12]*: Not exactly. 
**James DeNino** *[59:14]*: So if everything that is uploaded as a condition and a medication which already happens, if there's a condition or there's a medication, it goes to the card already. So there's only one place that they would need to edit that, which is in the card in theory, right? 
**Amit** *[59:34]*: Well, no, that's what I'm saying right now. I would rather put that editability in here is what I'm saying. I'm fine with it being editable. I want it to be editable by the owner. But I think it should happen either here or in this review. 
**James DeNino** *[59:56]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[59:57]*: Right. Show on alert will be defaulted to checked or defaulted to not checked in here. Like show on card or whatever. We want to label it as like show as alert is alert condition or whatever. Like I would put that here and I would put that on the actual medication like edit view or the conditions edit view because then it's representing like this, these are the places where you manage the information and the card is just where you look at it. And maybe we could put, we can put like, I could put a preview card where somebody can be like on they can maybe be like in here. They can look at what the card's going to look like and be like, oh no wait, I don't want that on there. So they can take it off. 
**Amit** *[01:00:41]*: Or we can even put like sorting condition, sorting sorts and filters on this conditions and medications page so that you can filter or sort only like alerts on top or only show me my alert ones so that they can manage it easily. I just don't want them to. I don't. I want the card to be just a view place. 
**Britt** *[01:01:01]*: All right. 
**Amit** *[01:01:02]*: Perfect Records be the edit place. 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:04]*: Well, if that works for you, Brittany, that works for me. Because ultimately where I was going is we need to be able to preview the card. Because if you think about what we're actually offering, at the end of the day, it is the card. 
**Amit** *[01:01:17]*: Right. 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:18]*: So like, we're building, we're allowing our customers to build ultimately this card. So the preview card furthers that. That value. Honest is going on QuickBooks. 
**Amit** *[01:01:37]*: Oh, shit. AM I still sharing? 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:39]*: Yeah, I figured I'd catch you real quick. 
**Amit** *[01:01:42]*: Good, good. I appreciate that. Yeah, I'm just. That was. That's that contact gig. I'm trying to get paid now. 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:48]*: I know you. 
**Amit** *[01:01:49]*: I know what you were doing and. 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:51]*: That's why I said my bad. That's okay. 
**Amit** *[01:01:55]*: So. 
**James DeNino** *[01:01:56]*: So does Brittany. You agree with the preview side? 
**Britt** *[01:01:59]*: Yeah, that's fair. 
**James DeNino** *[01:02:01]*: All right, so is. Do we think we have enough to just move ahead with the preview and then what you guys talked about before on the alerts? 
**Britt** *[01:02:12]*: Yeah. And like, can, like, if you could enter those alerts? Because I don't think those are like conditions that animal has, but like owners can enter, like enter their own alerts. 
**Amit** *[01:02:22]*: Oh, okay. That's a different thing. We could do that too. 
**Britt** *[01:02:27]*: Because I just mean, like, for those dogs that like come in that like, the owner knows you need to basket muzzle or they're dog aggressive or dog reactive. Like, most owners know these things. So, like, I think that would be a fun thing to put in there. But like I said, I don't think it's a condition. 
**Amit** *[01:02:46]*: It's not a condition or medication. It's just an alert. Okay, we could do that. Like, I mean, I think it's important that we can. Or you tell me, Brittany. It seems like it's important that we still put active medications and like, important conditions as alerts too. Yeah, we just might want to give the. We want the owner to be able to add more than just alerts and conditions. 
**James DeNino** *[01:03:17]*: What if. What if we did this? What if we added it? The first thing that anybody ever does when they come in this platform is the overview section. What if we added it in the basic information and we put in a text box or something to that effect where it's like owner notes. And then we can put a little pop up that says this will appear as a static alert in the health card and then the Owner will know. We can even put in some text. Like example. 
**Britt** *[01:03:53]*: Yeah, like, I can make a drop down because, like, there's not that many things. 
**Amit** *[01:03:57]*: What if. What if, James, we had a new tab for alerts and it had sections. It's like show from medications list, show from conditions list, manually entered. 
**James DeNino** *[01:04:13]*: What do you think, Brittany? 
**Britt** *[01:04:15]*: Whatever is easiest. 
**Amit** *[01:04:17]*: Oh, don't worry about what's easiest. No, it's whatever's easiest for you. You, the computer can do anything. 
**Britt** *[01:04:23]*: No, I mean, like, whatever is easy for an owner to be able to put in. Because like I said, this is just like more so. Because I like to get notified that a dog's gonna bite me before I get bit. And so that would be something on there. 
**James DeNino** *[01:04:36]*: Oh, actually, so going along with Brittany, you had said if you could make a drop down because there's not that many things. Are you suggesting that, like, every hospital from here to LA would basically have the same five things they care about most? 
**Britt** *[01:04:52]*: Yeah, and we can always. And then you can always have one. 
**Amit** *[01:04:54]*: That you can always change more. 
**Britt** *[01:04:56]*: Yeah, and someone could type like free type in. But, like, I feel like it's helpful. 
**Amit** *[01:05:01]*: But so creating the ability for you to manually add conditions and if you can give us a dropdown of like, common ones, that's fantastic. I think what we're. What James and I are debating more is how should we present, like, what should the UX of the site be for you to be able to add those. Right. Because James was suggesting. And I'm going to share again on this overview screen. 
**James DeNino** *[01:05:33]*: Yeah, share this. 
**Amit** *[01:05:34]*: We have like credit card number. We have like. So there's an option where we do this where we just say, like over here. Right. We're like owner notes. Yeah, I'm really bad at that writing this way. Right. Owner. And we won't call it this, but something like this. And they'll just be able to create. 
**James DeNino** *[01:06:01]*: Them. 
**Amit** *[01:06:03]*: Right in here. And what I was suggesting was actually we have another tab like this that says alert or card or whatever. And it would have three sections. One section for stuff that you added, one section for things that were conditions that you wanted to show up, and one section for medications that you wanted to show up. 
**Britt** *[01:06:31]*: I think that the tab makes more sense for a user because this owner, this overview tab, I really never go to, but I don't think you need to have medications on there again. 
**Amit** *[01:06:45]*: I wonder if we even really need this overview tab. 
**Britt** *[01:06:49]*: Yeah, like, I don't really use it to be fair. And it gets me mad every time when I go to click on the Plus 14 and it doesn't show them on the. 
**Amit** *[01:06:58]*: Oh, that's easy to fix if you just want to make it applicable. 
**Britt** *[01:07:02]*: That's why I don't use it. 
**Amit** *[01:07:05]*: Okay, so here's the way I kind of think about it. It sounds like we should just fix that then. Because what I'm thinking is you log in and you're on all my pets, And then after that, you click into your pet itself. And then what you should see is this, like, kind of dashboard for the pet itself. 
**Britt** *[01:07:30]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:07:31]*: And so I just think that conditions should be clickable into there. 
**Britt** *[01:07:35]*: And if there is medication, like, those things, like, not that I care about, like that they love swimming, because that doesn't affect me. 
**Amit** *[01:07:42]*: But, like, where did those even come from? 
**Britt** *[01:07:45]*: I don't know. 
**James DeNino** *[01:07:46]*: From the edit section. So on what go to at the top. See, Duke, you have edit card. Yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:07:56]*: Oh, oh, wait. Did you key these in then? 
**James DeNino** *[01:08:01]*: I did that. 
**Amit** *[01:08:01]*: That. 
**James DeNino** *[01:08:02]*: That feature's been there since day one. 
**Amit** *[01:08:03]*: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I wasn't sure if this, like, the way it was. It looked like it was imported from somewhere, but this was just manually entered in. 
**James DeNino** *[01:08:10]*: No, but this actually brings up a good conversation because you know what? All the functionality of Overview is done in Edit. Everybody knows what that means. What if the. What if the landing page for the pet is just a preview of the card and it just immediately reminds you, this is the whole point of using this platform, is this is what your dog's emergency card is. 
**Britt** *[01:08:32]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:08:34]*: That feels scary to me. To me, seeing something like this is going to be like, wait. Every time I look at it's gonna give me, like, anxiety and do. I'll be. It's gonna induce anxiety about my pet's health. 
**Britt** *[01:08:51]*: Good. 
**James DeNino** *[01:08:51]*: And you'll keep paying us. 
**Amit** *[01:08:54]*: No, that's bad. I do not want to make money off people's fear games. No, but I mean, because it's red. Huh? 
**Britt** *[01:09:03]*: Is it red? Does it scare you? 
**Amit** *[01:09:07]*: I mean, this is. This is structured and designed to be called to attention because it's red because of how compact the information is and everything. 
**Britt** *[01:09:17]*: Like, can the overview tab, though, be made to look? I get what you're saying, though. Like, the overview tab should be kind of an overview of everything, which it is. Like. 
**Amit** *[01:09:31]*: Yeah, I kind of. I kind of like this being the Overview tab. This overview being what it is. I just think it should be clickable into the other areas. 
**James DeNino** *[01:09:40]*: Oh, yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:09:41]*: And then from here is where we have, like, a preview card kind of thing. Like. 
**James DeNino** *[01:09:46]*: Okay. 
**Amit** *[01:09:46]*: That work? I'LL be okay with that. 
**Britt** *[01:09:48]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[01:09:49]*: So basically we're going to take the edit functionality in that edit tab, make it live on the overview fields. Right. 
**Amit** *[01:10:00]*: Like, oh, I can do. Yeah, I hadn't thought of that. But yes. Right. 
**James DeNino** *[01:10:04]*: What? That's. 
**Amit** *[01:10:05]*: Instead of this being an edit button up here, just basically have all of these be editable. 
**James DeNino** *[01:10:10]*: Everything is editable here. 
**Amit** *[01:10:13]*: That's fine. We can do that. 
**James DeNino** *[01:10:14]*: Right. And then so one last point about the card. I think the card is something where we haven't put much thought into like actual design. But Ahmed, if we just take some of the like the skin and the design elements that we put on the landing page, we could make this card look a lot better. 
**Amit** *[01:10:38]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[01:10:39]*: Right. So I'm not too worried about that because this is not something we're going to go to market with anyways. We can make that. We're going to make that card look nicer. 
**Britt** *[01:10:48]*: Yes. 
**Amit** *[01:10:48]*: I guess the point though that I'm trying to make, man, is that you. 
**Britt** *[01:10:53]*: Don't want to look at that card every day. 
**Amit** *[01:10:56]*: It's not just that, like, I want the card to look like attention grabbing. This is really important. Come look at it. When I'm maintaining information, I don't want that emotion. 
**Britt** *[01:11:07]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:11:07]*: So the UX of a. How do I maintain it and how do I show it in the heat of the moment? I, I think should be a different ux. You should be able to control it and manage it. I, I'm with you there. I just think the way it looks should be different than the presentation as the card. 
**James DeNino** *[01:11:26]*: I'm with it and you guys both agree. So I have to agree 2 to. 
**Amit** *[01:11:30]*: 1, this is how we work. 
**James DeNino** *[01:11:35]*: Yeah. We don't have time to waste on minutiae. 
**Britt** *[01:11:39]*: Yeah. But the worst thing is that like we change it and then it's just like, yeah, actually that was bad. Like that. 
**Amit** *[01:11:43]*: Yeah. Then we move it back. That's exactly right. 
**James DeNino** *[01:11:47]*: Okay, so this was. Does anybody else have anything that they want touch on? Because this, we're like, this is substantial progress to me. I mean we got a lot of notes. All of these are like, Ahmed, this is about as beautiful as a, of a, like a stand up as we could possibly ever ask for. 
**Amit** *[01:12:08]*: Oh, this is good. Yes. 
**James DeNino** *[01:12:11]*: But that being said, I think we've done enough for today. Does everybody agree? 
**Amit** *[01:12:16]*: Yeah, Ahmed, I'm good for today. I think we've got enough. Between what you wrote down and what Firefly is going to kick back, I can definitely spend some time working on this over the Next few days. 
**James DeNino** *[01:12:30]*: Yeah. And Ahmed, like, absolutely. Latest by tomorrow afternoon, I can have all of these in GitHub. 
**Amit** *[01:12:41]*: Oh, fantastic. 
**James DeNino** *[01:12:43]*: Right? 
**Amit** *[01:12:44]*: So, yeah, throw them in there. 
**James DeNino** *[01:12:46]*: Right? I mean, it makes sense. It worked for us last time, so I might as well just focus on that again. And then, Brittany, in the meantime, if anything else comes up, put it on top of the images, because I'll keep checking in here. Or just text me if something is. If you. If something else comes to mind. 
**Britt** *[01:13:08]*: Yeah. And what I'll do is I'll. Is it putting it in the doc. What's the best way? Because I was going to tell you that alerts that I think are important as well as. On the flip side, I can give you an algorithm of common chemo drugs, and that way it can populate. You know what I mean? Like, and seizure drugs. Like classified seizure drugs. If that is an algorithm you want to explore too. 
**James DeNino** *[01:13:31]*: Wait, hold on. 
**Britt** *[01:13:32]*: Say that again for, like, the alerts that I was talking about. Like, I can give you a list of the alerts that I think are important. Like. 
**Amit** *[01:13:40]*: Oh. 
**Britt** *[01:13:40]*: Oh, yeah, just put it in that document. 
**James DeNino** *[01:13:44]*: So can you. What's the best way to do that? Oh, you know what, Brittany, do you see in the new notes today, right where I put emergency card on the second page, and then medical alerts. 
**Britt** *[01:14:04]*: Mm. 
**James DeNino** *[01:14:07]*: Put them under here, like, starting at that second bullet. 
**Britt** *[01:14:13]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[01:14:14]*: Right. Put them there first, and then I'll throw it in the story. 
**Britt** *[01:14:17]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[01:14:19]*: If that works for you. 
**Britt** *[01:14:20]*: Yeah. And all I was saying is that, like, there are certain medications that animal is on that when we know they're on that medication, they have a seizure or chemo or heart condition. So I can tell you those if you wanted to classify that somewhere, but if not, and just put the medical alerts, and that's fine, too. 
**James DeNino** *[01:14:38]*: Amit, what do you think? 
**Amit** *[01:14:40]*: I think that would be super awesome to get those, because even if we don't use it today, like, that's something that it's good information to have that can start building up how the AI can take. Do this stuff automatically. So my. I think the best thing to do would let James, that Excel sheet that you put together that you just shared with Brittany, let's, like, make that our master list of modifications and just. Brittany, like. Like, James, can you put that in a Google sheet instead of Excel so that then, like, we can all have access to it. And then, Brittany, just, like, add a. We can add a column to that says, this is a chemo drug. Is this a seizure drug or what? 
**Britt** *[01:15:17]*: Whatever. 
**Amit** *[01:15:17]*: Else you think of. And then you can add more entries to that list too, if they're not in there. 
**Britt** *[01:15:22]*: Okay. 
**James DeNino** *[01:15:22]*: Yeah. What we actually should do is just. Brittany, that's actually a perfect idea. If we. If I'm going to upload this now and if you open a new tab or a new sheet in Excel. 
**Amit** *[01:15:38]*: Google sheets. 
**James DeNino** *[01:15:39]*: I mean, in Google sheets, like, I'm going to send you this. I'll. I'll upload it, send it to everybody and. And then like the first one's going to be the list that I did. You can add that algorithm and then we'll keep working off of that. 
**Britt** *[01:15:51]*: Yeah, yeah. Because a lot of these, like looking up this list, a lot of this is like flea and tick stuff. 
**Amit** *[01:15:58]*: I know, I. 
**Britt** *[01:15:59]*: No, no, that's fine. But like. 
**James DeNino** *[01:16:01]*: No, I just. I was kind of annoyed by it too, but it was better than nothing and I was like killing 10 minutes. 
**Britt** *[01:16:09]*: Yeah, no, it's not like. And that's important. People have their animal. Like I don't have my cats on flea and tick stuff, but like a lot of dogs and cats, like, they are. So it's not that it's not important. 
**James DeNino** *[01:16:19]*: Right. I mean. And it's just something else anyways. 
**Britt** *[01:16:24]*: Is it important for you guys to have these types of lists? Does this help you on the back end somewhere? 
**Amit** *[01:16:33]*: Okay, not right now. Like, there's an opportunity. The, the big thing I think, Brittany, that I had in mind when I was thinking about getting a list of medications was, well, one, these kinds of things like what you're talking about where if we can group these into useful information for the vet that is not like that I would need a human like you to classify and categorize. Like, I think that's one thing where I do need you to provide that in for info. 
**Amit** *[01:17:03]*: And then the other thing that is potentially worthwhile is like if you're adding a new medication manually, having a dropdown of like the top one or 200 most common ones so that people can just select them out of a dropdown with, you know, as opposed to having to type it in or only have it from import and that kind of thing. Those are the two things I had in mind for where getting these lists and then like what you can tell us about these medications that we can't just like Google search is where it's really helpful. Yeah, because the LLMs, the AI won't know those things. And when you tell it to me, I can teach it to the AI so it can be smarter. 
**Britt** *[01:17:45]*: Okay. Yeah. Because like, I think the flea and tick stuff, a lot of people, whether their vets prescribe some of it, but some of these things are over the counter. So, like, you don't need a vet to prescribe it, so you're buying it at the store and then they can just pick it from a drop down and that makes sense. 
**Amit** *[01:17:58]*: Exactly. 
**Britt** *[01:17:59]*: Right. But. Or supplements and stuff like that. But for the prescription based ones, like, you know, those ones you have to get through a vet or a prescription based. 
**Amit** *[01:18:09]*: Okay. But yeah, if there's a lot of over the counter stuff, it's really important that we allow manual entry because they won't have any other way. 
**Britt** *[01:18:17]*: Yeah, that's what this chart. This chart is all the manually entry ones, I think are on here. 
**Amit** *[01:18:22]*: Okay. Yeah, yeah, that, that kind of information is very helpful. 
**Britt** *[01:18:29]*: Okay. Okay. 
**Amit** *[01:18:33]*: Okay, 
**James DeNino** *[01:18:36]*: So real quick, last thing. Ahmed, you and I will talk, obviously. But Brittany, what's your, like, what's your weekend, Mike? 
**Britt** *[01:18:47]*: My weekend? This weekend? 
**James DeNino** *[01:18:49]*: Yeah. I just mean, like, in terms of if we have like notable updates. 
**Britt** *[01:18:56]*: Yeah. Like part of Saturday, I can play around with some stuff and into next week. 
**James DeNino** *[01:19:02]*: Yeah. Well, the only reason why I didn't want to, like, I'm not like pressuring you or anything, but I just wanted to check because if Ahmet's got time, we're obviously going to want to. We're going to try and get as much done as we can. So I can let you know when there's like some notable updates. 
**Britt** *[01:19:23]*: Yeah. 
**James DeNino** *[01:19:24]*: And then the last thing is I'm going to be in Milford next Wednesday and I'm going to stop by. Are you working at the clinic on. 
**Britt** *[01:19:34]*: The clinic at Thursday? On Thursday, I mean. 
**James DeNino** *[01:19:36]*: Oh, so you're at the hospital then on Wednesday? 
**Britt** *[01:19:39]*: No, I'm home on Wednesdays. 
**James DeNino** *[01:19:40]*: Oh, okay. That was just last week. You're right. So I'm gonna stop by again because you've been super helpful and I can't thank you enough and I really hope that you enjoy this as much as we do. So I. I'm not ready to let you walk away yet. 
**Britt** *[01:19:57]*: No, I want to see this through. 
**James DeNino** *[01:20:00]*: Amazing. 
**Amit** *[01:20:02]*: That makes me so happy. 
**Britt** *[01:20:06]*: Okay. But yeah, tell me what you guys have and, like, if there's more stuff because, like Tuesdays when I'm at the hospital, I get to use my computer a lot more. So I play around with this stuff then. But also, like, I have tomorrow night and Saturday I can play with some stuff too. And I'll keep working on the. I'll get all These lists and stuff for you guys too? Because the reason why I asked if those things are important is that like, I can give you like different groups and lists and things, but then if you're like, you just gave me all this information, I don't give a. Like, I don't need this, then I don't want to waste my time either. So. 
**James DeNino** *[01:20:39]*: Well, are they all Excel based? 
**Britt** *[01:20:42]*: No. I mean, like even just like classifying drugs for you, like the list that you gave me and like pulling other drugs in and other lists that I can probably. Because, like, I don't want to sit in. Like, I'm not gonna sit in here and hand type everything. But like, if I can pull other lists or pull other things, I'm trying to think like, because I use plums. That's like our database of drugs. But there's other places that I have databases from that I can download from. I'm just trying to think of it. 
**Amit** *[01:21:12]*: So, Brittany, here's the key, right? Here's. I don't want you wasting time on things that we don't need you to spend time on. What's going to be valuable to us is any information that you have because of your work as an actual event that isn't just available really easily online. Right? So any kind of classification that's important to you that only like, that you guys have to do as professionals, right. That you can't count on like your software or what the pet owner knows to be able to tell you. Like, that's the kind of stuff that it's worth spending time on. Because anything that I can search online on the Internet, it's not worth you spending time on. Right? 
**Amit** *[01:22:07]*: If this plums database, like, Honestly, if it's $150 a year, then James can just sign up for it and we can spend that 150 a year and then I can have. I can scrape all that information programmatically. I don't need you to spend time on it. So it's only stuff that you know that you're like, well, I know this because I know it. 
**Britt** *[01:22:32]*: Yeah, yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:22:32]*: And it'll be useful for us to present that to me in this app or on that card. Those are the things that's worth spending time on. 
**Britt** *[01:22:42]*: I gotcha. 
**Amit** *[01:22:43]*: Okay. 
**Britt** *[01:22:43]*: Okay, cool. 
**Amit** *[01:22:44]*: Sorry, that was a lot of words. 
**Britt** *[01:22:46]*: No, I understand. 
**James DeNino** *[01:22:47]*: Yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:22:47]*: Okay. No, it's. 
**James DeNino** *[01:22:48]*: It's good. You're. You're. You were wise to say that because it's true. Like, Brittany, the only thing I'll say is like, you obviously know, I think, like, we take this serious and we're not bashful about making small investments like that. So if it's something that's like, constantly updated and we should buy our own, like, I'll do that, like tomorrow. But if you. If it's like a static thing that hasn't changed since 2020 and you can just download it in a CSV file and we can use yours, like, yeah, I'll save 150 bucks on that. 
**Britt** *[01:23:21]*: Yeah. No, no. And that's. And that's the other thing too, is that, like, I don't know where, like, all of these things pull from, but, like, the databases that we use, some of them change, some of them don't. Some of them are just a website that live. Like, there's a website that updates every time there's a new product that is just parasitology and just updates with the products on there. And it tells you exactly what. You know what I mean? So, like, if you can use that into your. And I can give you the website and tell you, like, this is the website we use. This what we reference. And if that is something that helps you put into the back end to help too. Yeah, yeah. 
**Amit** *[01:23:53]*: So I can do that would be. That would be amazing because that is how we're going to get the AI better and better at identifying the right medications and identifying the right conditions. I'm much more nervous about conditions than I am about medications just because, like, at least medications are official chemical names that it can match on. 
**Britt** *[01:24:14]*: Right. 
**Amit** *[01:24:14]*: Yeah. So. And whereas medications are going to be. Or conditions are going to be totally different based on the vet and how they think about things and how to talk about and all that stuff. So, yeah, anything you use in your day job to look up information that is going to be helpful for us to create it as like either paper access to it, download data from it, or just build. Looking it up into what the app does would be really awesome. 
**Britt** *[01:24:48]*: Okay, sounds good. 
**James DeNino** *[01:24:50]*: Amazing, guys. This was great. What a. What a great end to this day. 
**Britt** *[01:24:55]*: Yes. Okay. Awesome. 
**Amit** *[01:24:58]*: Fantastic. All right, thank you both. Appreciate you. 
**James DeNino** *[01:25:03]*: We'll all talk later, guys. Have a good one. 
**Britt** *[01:25:04]*: Bye. You too. 
**Amit** *[01:25:05]*: Bye. 
